-Take that photo-gallery page and turn all of the images into a carousel that plays on load on the home page.
-Re-do the markets page to include a Google Maps api that shows the locations of each farmers' market so customers can visualize the distance to a market from their location
-Use Bootstrap to redesign all of the other pages so the page is responsive and looks the same across all device/screen sizes
-Create a products page that allows customers to view the products they have available 
-Create an order form so customers can have unpaid orders shipped to their local farmers' market
-Create an option in the order form so customers can pay for an order and have it shipped. ( Payment would be using a Square api, they already use Square, but we could use PayPal if necessary)
-Any order placed should result in an email sent to the owners and their warehouse manager
-Separately I would set up a stamps.com account for the owners 
-Somehow create a shipping label automatically for paid orders, hopefully linked to their Stamps.com account so the shipping would be automatically calculated and paid for.
Extra Credit would be to create an admin page that would allow the farm owners to update product availability without coding. That should be pretty simple using .append and other methods in jQuery.


Farmers' Market Information: 

San Francisco Ferry Plaza Farmers' Market
Saturday 8am-2pm.
Tuesday 8am-2pm.
Along the Embarcadero at the foot of Market Street.
Year 'round.

San Francisco Noe Valley Farmers' Market 
Saturday 8am-1pm.
3861 24th Street between Sanchez 
and Vicksburg Streets.
Year 'round.

San Francisco Stonestown Farmers' Market 
Sunday 9am-1pm.
Stonestown Galleria parking lot.
3251 20th Avenue.
Year 'round.

San Francisco Clement Farmers' Market
Sunday 9am-2pm.
200 Clement Street.
Year 'round.

San Rafael Farmers' Market
Sunday 8am-1pm.
Parking lot behind the Marin Civic Center.
Thursday 8am-1pm.
Marin Veteran's Memorial Auditorium parking lot.
Year 'round.

Mill Valley Farmers' Market
Friday 9:30am-2:30pm.
Alto Shopping Center, CVS Parking Lot.
759 Blithedale Avenue.
Year 'round.

Larkspur Farmers' Market 
Saturday 9am-2pm.
2257 Larkspur Landing Circle.
Year 'round.

Fairfax Farmers' Market 
Wednesday evening 4pm-8pm. 
Bolinas Park in the town of Fairfax.
May through Sept.

Palo Alto Farmers' Market 
Sunday 8am-1pm.
California Ave at El Camino.
Year' round.

Campbell Farmers' Market
Sunday 9am-1pm.
Campbell Avenue at Central Avenue.
Year 'round.

Oakland Farmers' Market 
Saturday 9am-2pm.
Splash Pad Park across from the Grand Lakes Theatre.
Year 'round.

Old Oakland Farmers' Market
Friday 8am-2pm.
Ninth Street between Broadway and Clay.
Year 'round.

Hayward Farmers' Market
Saturday 9am-1pm.
Hayward City Hall Plaza
777 B Street.
Year' round.


